. $topsrcdir/xulrunner/config/mozconfig

mk_add_options MOZ_MAKE_FLAGS="#MAKEFLAGS#"
mk_add_options MOZ_BUILD_PROJECTS=xulrunner
mk_add_options MOZ_CO_PROJECT=xulrunner
mk_add_options MOZ_OBJDIR=@topsrcdir@/obj-xulrunner

ac_add_options --prefix=/usr
ac_add_app_options --enable-application=xulrunner
ac_add_options --with-system-nss
ac_add_options --with-system-nspr
ac_add_options --with-system-jpeg
ac_add_options --with-system-zlib
ac_add_options --with-system-mng
ac_add_options --enable-system-cairo
ac_add_options --with-pthreads
ac_add_options --disable-tests
ac_add_options --disable-mochitest
ac_add_options --disable-debug
ac_add_options --disable-installer
ac_add_options --disable-updater
ac_add_options --disable-xprint
ac_add_options --disable-profilesharing
ac_add_options --disable-gnomevfs
ac_add_options --disable-gnomeui
ac_add_options --disable-mailnews
ac_add_options --disable-crashreporter
ac_add_options --disable-javaxpcom
ac_add_options --disable-necko-wifi
ac_add_options --disable-libnotify
ac_add_options --disable-ipc
ac_add_options --enable-optimize="#CFLAGS#"
ac_add_options --enable-shared
ac_add_options --disable-dbus

